most of the intelligence community
doesn't believe he exists the ones that
do call him the Winter Soldier he's a
ghost
you'll never find him
I joined shield to protect people
got to build a better world sometimes
means tearing the old one down that
makes enemies
fast
are you ready all it takes is one step
people are gonna die
I can't let that happen
Captain America needs my help
when do we start we just did
prices freedoms huh and it's a price I'm
willing to pay
he told me not to trust anyone
this is how it ends everything goes
looks like you giving the orders now
captain damn right
how do we know the good guys from the
bad guys if the shooting at you they're
bad
you